deepsentinel/README.rst, before:

Apua Juan
=========

:job application: `Deep Sentinel fullstack backend engineer <techjobs@deepsentinel.com>`_
:email: Apua.A.Aa@gmail.com
:last updated: 2017.08.15
:source: https://github.com/apua/resume/2017


I am ...

- high qualified Python programmer
  - practised Agile development , solving problem over fashion technology
  - infra, CI, automated testing, ...
- high energy on development
  - 工作是生活的一部分
  - passion on programming
  - interested in and *always think about* the principle behind things

.. mail: seeking for close cooperation , aggrasive 新創


.. contents::


Career
------

Software Engineer, Hewlett Packard Enterprise
    July 2017 ~ current

    - Implement automated test framework features.
    - Improve scrum team development flow.

    January 2017 ~ June 2017

    - Reorganize infrustructure of development environment,
      for example, DNS/DHCP/NTP services, VMware vSphere upgrading,
      and network switch installation/configuration.

    October 2015 ~ December 2016

    - Implement virtualization testing automation plugin.


Software Engineer, Lionbridge
    October 2014 ~ September 2015

    - Manage and extend the OS automated deployment system.
    - Implement MAT [*]_ cases and automated script.
    - Automate the OS automated deployment system deployment.


System Administrator, National Chiao Tung University Information Technology Service Center
    September 2010 ~ March 2014

    - Administer Email service, Workstation service, VM service.
    - Develop solution for announcement requirement.
    - Virtualize services on physical machine case by case.

.. [*] MAT := minimal acceptance test.


Community Experience
--------------------

Python Conference Taiwan volunteer
    responsible for venue and program of PyConTW 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015

Python Conference Taiwan regular/lightning talk speaker
    The topics are as below:

    - 2013 VPython
    - 2014 Whitespace interpreter
    - 2015 Functional programming with Python
    - 2016 Bad coding style in Python
    - 2017 Robot Framework


Activities
----------

RPi x camera

Arduino car

洄瀾週 代購 webUI

reST to internal weekly report Email form

Telegram and Flowdock bot with API

reST Javascript library (pending)

adding Type Inference into RobotFramework (pending)


Other Skills
------------

English communication
  - send/receieve mail/message smoothly
  - read technic news smoothly
  - basic conversation

.. (fluent > good > fair > poor)


Education
---------

Master's degree, Computer Science, National Chiao Tung Unicersity
  2013 ~ current

  The thesis "Test as a Service model" provides a distributed system design that allow
  tester share hardware resource for automated testing.

  All courses are finished already; the thesis is going to implemented in the end of October (expected).

Bachelor's degree, Mathematical Sciences, National Chengchi University
  2003 ~ 2008

Commit message:

update Carrer and Language
Carrer: shows what tool I used before

Language: focus on mail/message/conversation only

deepsentinel/README.rst, after:

Apua Juan
=========

:job application: `Deep Sentinel fullstack backend engineer <techjobs@deepsentinel.com>`_
:email: Apua.A.Aa@gmail.com
:last updated: 2017.08.15

.. :source:

I am ...

- high qualified Python programmer
  - practised Agile development , solving problem over fashion technology
  - infra, CI, automated testing, ...
- high energy on development
  - 工作是生活的一部分
  - passion on programming
  - interested in and *always think about* the principle behind things

.. mail: seeking for close cooperation , aggrasive 新創


.. contents::


Career
------

Software Engineer, Hewlett Packard Enterprise
    July 2017 ~ current, online testing service with test automation framework

    - Design online testing service with test automation framework to
      share hardware resource in different locations.
    - Design and implement online test service features.
    - Upgrade Python program and dependency from 2 to 3 and
      train team memebers.
    - Refactor and refine legacy code from bad practice.
    - Improve development process with agile framework and by invoking `doctest`,
      `pytest`, and `Robot Framework`.

    January 2017 ~ June 2017, reorganize infrastructure of development environment

    - Responsible for CI, inventory management, and server room management [*]_.
    - Improve asset management policy and SOP.
    - Upgrade CI related services, like DNS and DHCP,  by replacing M$ Windows Server 2008 with FreeBSD.

    October 2015 ~ December 2016, virtualization testing plugin

    - Automate virtualization testing cases in Python.
    - Build automated testing tool with right UX webUI, REST API, and concurrency,
      by invoking Gunicorn, Flask, SQL Alchemy, and Celery.


Software Engineer, Lionbridge
    October 2014 ~ September 2015

    - Manage and extend the OS automated deployment system.
    - Implement MAT [*]_ cases and automated script.
    - Automate the OS automated deployment system deployment.


System Administrator, National Chiao Tung University Information Technology Service Center
    September 2010 ~ March 2014

    - Administer Email service, Workstation service, VM service.
    - Develop solution for announcement requirement.
    - Virtualize services on physical machine case by case.

.. [*] server room management covers virtualization environment (vSphere here),
       server and NAS setup, cabling, network configuration, power (PDU/UPS),
       and rack
.. [*] MAT := minimal acceptance test.


Community Experience
--------------------

Python Conference Taiwan volunteer
    responsible for venue and program of PyConTW 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015

Python Conference Taiwan regular/lightning talk speaker
    The topics are as below:

    - 2013 VPython
    - 2014 Whitespace interpreter
    - 2015 Functional programming with Python
    - 2016 Bad coding style in Python
    - 2017 Robot Framework


Activities
----------

RPi x camera

Arduino car

洄瀾週 代購 webUI

reST to internal weekly report Email form

Telegram and Flowdock bot with API

reST Javascript library (pending)

adding Type Inference into RobotFramework (pending)


Language
--------

English communication
  - routine office matters via mail and messages
  - simple conversations on work requirements


Education
---------

Master's degree, Computer Science, National Chiao Tung Unicersity
  2013 ~ current

  The thesis "Test as a Service model" provides a distributed system design that allow
  tester share hardware resource for automated testing.

  All courses are finished already; the thesis is going to implemented in the end of October (expected).

Bachelor's degree, Mathematical Sciences, National Chengchi University
  2003 ~ 2008
